# Analysis-and-Prediction-on-Coronavirus-Italy-   (For more info & results Visit my Kaggle https://www.kaggle.com/hamzatahirr/analysis-and-prediction-on-coronavirus-italy/edit)
About this Dataset 
Context : Corona viruses are a large family of viruses which may cause illness in animals or humans. In humans, several coronaviruses are known to cause respiratory infections ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). The most recently discovered coronavirus causes coronavirus disease COVID-19 - WHO  People can catch COVID-19 from others who have the virus. This has been spreading rapidly around the world and Italy is one of the most affected country.  
On March 8, 2020 - Italy’s prime minister announced a sweeping coronavirus quarantine early Sunday, restricting the movements of about a quarter of the country’s population in a bid to limit contagions at the epicenter of Europe’s outbreak. - TIME  Content This dataset is from https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19 collected by Sito del Dipartimento della Protezione Civile - Emergenza Coronavirus: la risposta nazionale  
This dataset has two files  covid19_italy_province.csv - Province level data of COVID-19 cases covid_italy_region.csv - Region level data of COVID-19 cases Acknowledgements Data is collected by Sito del Dipartimento della Protezione Civile - Emergenza Coronavirus: la risposta nazionale and is uploaded into this github repo.  Dashboard on the data can be seen here. Picture courtesy is from the dashboard.  Inspiration Insights on * Spread to various regions over time * Try to predict the spread of COVID-19 ahead of time to take preventive measures
